more than 60,000 Cambodians have been
forced to flee their homes because of
flooding like this baton bong and banta
me and chey provinces have been hit
particularly hard evacuees have been
forced into makeshift camps while
traffic is backed up the kilometers on
the national road leading out of the
provinces we like the blonde mcclung or
feed of Milan minutes man just jump
something month on a karmically admin
doesn't look at him don't go Kim's
family was forced to flee their home
late at night when a torrent of water
suddenly arrived on his doorstep farmers
in this rice rich province rely on the
enormous 45 square kilometer camping poi
irrigation dam to water their crops but
the more than 100 million cubic metre
capacity dam has become a menace this
year when a release channel was cut into
the dam by authorities fearing it could
imminently be breached the torrent that
burst through destroyed the homes of 50
families those affected at this village
in banana districts to cream commune are
incensed that the channel in a 19
kilometers am wall was cut right next to
their houses but Mike Gallo coming back
at home low idle for the poor
banan district police chief would win
tune is making no apologies jung yong
Manson like Chuck I guided by 80 below
the bacon on a canal Boston achi I have
thought about doing one
LaVere my heart I know feelin baby g
stecchino from lovely film bhajan dry
the end of coverage abroad will know to
the capital the need to employ such
drastic emergency measures leave some
questioning why Cambodian authorities
are so ill prepared to tackle this
perennial problem Jonathan million on a
mo- cetera Buddha out of water people
I'll hang with them to advance